## 1. Construct an evolutionary tree based on human mtDNA data (click here for data).  Donâ€™t forget bootstrap support/posterior probabilities.

### Merge all fasta into one file for uploading to web version

Time:  
`Wed 11 Mar 2020 17:26:13 MSK`

Command:  
`python merge.py`

Output:
```
data/Human/L4b2a1 Yemeni.fasta
data/Human/L1c1d Central African.fasta
data/Human/L2e1 Sudanese.fasta
data/Human/B4d1 Chinese.fasta
data/Human/M23 Yemeni.fasta
data/Human/D1 Argentinian.fasta
data/Human/R2c Saudi Arabian.fasta
data/Human/I4a Irish.fasta
data/Human/X2d Polish.fasta
data/Human/N1a1a3 Yemeni.fasta
data/Human/B2 Argentinian.fasta
data/Human/C4a1 Turkish.fasta
data/Human/H1h1 Finnish.fasta
data/Human/H7j1 Ashkenazi.fasta
data/Human/T2b16 French.fasta
data/Human/HV4a1 Iranian.fasta
data/Human/D4e1a1 Chinese.fasta
data/Human/F3b1 Taiwanese.fasta
data/Human/C1d3 Uruguayan.fasta
data/Human/L2a1a Mozambican.fasta
data/Human/J1b Armenian.fasta
data/Human/I3 Irish.fasta
data/Human/J2b1 Russian.fasta
data/Human/U6a7a1 English.fasta
data/Human/F1a3 Filipino.fasta
data/Human/W6 Bulgarian.fasta
data/Human/V Finnish.fasta
data/Human/W1c Swedish.fasta
data/Human/T2a1a Turkish.fasta
data/Human/T1a1 Finnish.fasta
data/Human/L3e5a1 Morocco.fasta
data/Human/K1a4a1 Serbian.fasta
data/Human/V3b1 English.fasta
data/Human/Y2a1 Malaysian.fasta
data/Human/A2f1a Native American.fasta
data/Human/M60 Indonesian.fasta
data/Human/R6 Thai.fasta
data/Human/N9a10 Chinese.fasta
data/Human/I1a1a3 Scottish.fasta
data/Human/K2a3 Dutch.fasta
data/Human/Y2a1 Indonesian.fasta
data/Human/J2a2d1 Tunisian.fasta
data/Human/A4-A200G Chinese.fasta
data/Human/X2B American.fasta
data/Human/U2e2a4 Serbian.fasta
```


### MAFFT (alignment and tree)

Results of MAFFT run with default settings are presented in `Mafft_results` folder. 
Tree was constructed with NJ method and Jukes-Cantor substitution model.
Results are also available by [link](https://mafft.cbrc.jp/alignment/server/spool/_out.200311233013743OCb92XF7BjZWQxohNvn0Ulsfnormal.html).


Time:  
``

Command:  
``

Output:
```
```
